#4768 queued unconditional publish (#4783)
factcast/factcast: factcast-site/documentation-docsy/content/en/Setup/properties.md

| factcast.store.autoFlushDelay                                | When catching up, if production of a full notification of facts takes longer than this value (in milliseconds), an additional flush is inserted into the pipelin in order to send the notification as is to the client. This is done in order to balance parallelization vs. network/compression efficiency.                                                                                                                                        | <nobr>10000</nobr>                       |
| factcast.store.catchupStrategy                               | Available: CURSOR and CHUNKED_WITH_HOLD. Cursor does the catchup query in one go and keeps the cursor open until the facts are sent to the client. CHUNKED_WITH_HOLD first partitions serials into chunks and then fetched each chunk in a single query. Note that page-size still applies.                                                                                                                                                         | CURSOR                                   |

> | factcast.store.publishBatched.enabled                        | When enabled, the number of transactions can be reduced in burst publish situations and thus increase throughput, but adds a bit of latency to the publish operation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | false                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| factcast.store.publishBatched.enabled                        | When enabled, the number of transactions can be reduced in burst publish situations. This increases throughput, but adds a bit of latency to the publish operation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | false                                    |
```
